Graph from cli (#3125)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/mediapipe.md

### Starting OpenVINO Model Server with Mediapipe servables

> Starting the single graph with `subconfig.json` is obtained by running the server in single model mode (without `config.json`) and passing the graph path and name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting the single graph with subconfig.json is achieved by running the server in single model mode  (without `config.json`). Pass the model_path as the folder path with graph.pbtxt and the graph name to be exposed as a model:
```

> `docker run --rm -it -v $(pwd):/mediapipe_graph_name openvino/model_server:latest --model_path /mediapipe_graph_name --model_name my_graph`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker run --rm -it -v <folder with graph.pbtxt>:/model openvino/model_server:latest --model_path /model --model_name mediapipe_graph_name`
```

> This example command will load the `graph.pbtxt` and `subconfig.json` file from `/mediapipe_graph_name` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example command will load the `graph.pbtxt` and `subconfig.json` file from the mounted directory the container.
```
